LICENSE
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
openworm_ai/__init__.py
openworm_ai.egg-info/PKG-INFO
openworm_ai.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
openworm_ai.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
openworm_ai.egg-info/requires.txt
openworm_ai.egg-info/top_level.txt
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Alimentary System Intestine.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Alimentary System Overview.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Alimentary System Pharynx.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Alimentary System Rectum and Anus.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Epithelial System Atypical Cells.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Epithelial System Hypodermis.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Epithelial System Interfacial Cells.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Epithelial System Seam Cells.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Excretory System.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Gap Junctions.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Introduction.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Muscle System GLR Cells.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Muscle System Head Mesodermal Cell.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Muscle System Introduction.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Muscle System Nonstriated Muscle.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Muscle System Somatic Muscle.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Nervous System General Description.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Nervous System Neuronal Support Cells.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Pericellular Structures.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Reproductive System Overview.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Reproductive System Part III Germ Line.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Reproductive System Part VI Egg-laying Apparatus.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - Reproductive System Somatic Gonad.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Handbook - The Cuticle.html
openworm_ai/corpus/wormatlas/Hermaphrodite Coelomocyte System.html
openworm_ai/graphrag/GraphRAG_test.py
openworm_ai/graphrag/GraphRAG_test_Jan.py
openworm_ai/graphrag/__init__.py
openworm_ai/parser/DocumentModels.py
openworm_ai/parser/ParseLlamaIndexJson.py
openworm_ai/parser/ParseWormAtlas.py
openworm_ai/parser/__init__.py
openworm_ai/quiz/QuizMaster.py
openworm_ai/quiz/QuizMasterCorpus.py
openworm_ai/quiz/QuizModel.py
openworm_ai/quiz/Templates.py
openworm_ai/quiz/TemplatesCelegans.py
openworm_ai/quiz/TemplatesCorpus.py
openworm_ai/quiz/TemplatesScience.py
openworm_ai/quiz/__init__.py
openworm_ai/quiz/quiz_all.py
openworm_ai/utils/__init__.py
openworm_ai/utils/llms.py