.gitattributes
LICENSE.md
MANIFEST.in
README.md
cspell.config.yml
pyproject.toml
setup.py
uv.lock
src/sphinx_social_cards/__init__.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/colors.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/fonts.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/generator.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/images.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/metadata.py
src/sphinx_social_cards.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/sphinx_social_cards.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/sphinx_social_cards.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/sphinx_social_cards.egg-info/requires.txt
src/sphinx_social_cards.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed italic (latin 100).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed italic (latin 200).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed italic (latin 300).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed italic (latin 400).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed italic (latin 500).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed italic (latin 600).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed italic (latin 700).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed italic (latin 800).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed italic (latin 900).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed normal (latin 100).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed normal (latin 200).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed normal (latin 300).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed normal (latin 400).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed normal (latin 500).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed normal (latin 600).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed normal (latin 700).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed normal (latin 800).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed normal (latin 900).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Condensed.json
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Flex normal (latin 400).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Flex.json
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono italic (latin 100).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono italic (latin 200).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono italic (latin 300).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono italic (latin 400).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono italic (latin 500).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono italic (latin 600).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono italic (latin 700).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono normal (latin 100).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono normal (latin 200).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono normal (latin 300).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono normal (latin 400).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono normal (latin 500).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono normal (latin 600).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono normal (latin 700).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Mono.json
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif italic (latin 100).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif italic (latin 200).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif italic (latin 300).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif italic (latin 400).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif italic (latin 500).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif italic (latin 600).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif italic (latin 700).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif italic (latin 800).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif italic (latin 900).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif normal (latin 100).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif normal (latin 200).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif normal (latin 300).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif normal (latin 400).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif normal (latin 500).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif normal (latin 600).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif normal (latin 700).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif normal (latin 800).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif normal (latin 900).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Serif.json
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Slab normal (latin 100).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Slab normal (latin 200).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Slab normal (latin 300).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Slab normal (latin 400).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Slab normal (latin 500).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Slab normal (latin 600).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Slab normal (latin 700).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Slab normal (latin 800).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Slab normal (latin 900).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto Slab.json
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto italic (latin 100).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto italic (latin 200).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto italic (latin 300).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto italic (latin 400).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto italic (latin 500).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto italic (latin 600).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto italic (latin 700).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto italic (latin 800).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto italic (latin 900).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto normal (latin 100).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto normal (latin 200).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto normal (latin 300).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto normal (latin 400).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto normal (latin 500).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto normal (latin 600).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto normal (latin 700).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto normal (latin 800).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto normal (latin 900).ttf
src/sphinx_social_cards/.fonts/Roboto.json
src/sphinx_social_cards/.icons/sphinx_logo.svg
src/sphinx_social_cards/layouts/blog.yml
src/sphinx_social_cards/layouts/default.yml
src/sphinx_social_cards/layouts/opengraph.yml
src/sphinx_social_cards/layouts/default/accent.yml
src/sphinx_social_cards/layouts/default/inverted.yml
src/sphinx_social_cards/layouts/default/variant.yml
src/sphinx_social_cards/plugins/__init__.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/plugins/github/__init__.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/plugins/github/context.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/plugins/github/utils.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/plugins/github/layouts/github/default-dark.yml
src/sphinx_social_cards/plugins/github/layouts/github/default.yml
src/sphinx_social_cards/validators/__init__.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/validators/common.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/validators/contexts.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/validators/layers.py
src/sphinx_social_cards/validators/layout.py